Add Box achievements (#24)
eufossa/symfony-hackathon-2019: achievements/box.md

> # Box Achievements

Reviewer: There is on ongoing discussion in #20 about capitalisation in titles. If we follow the EC style guide, only the first word takes a capital.

> [Humbug Box][box] is an application bunlder for PHP apps. It allows one to ship a PHP app into a PHAR and distribute it with 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Humbug Box][box] is an application bundler for PHP apps. It allows one to ship a PHP app into a PHAR and distribute it with 
```

it with ease.

Over the last few months, Box has been growing in popularity especially within the [Laravel][laravel] community thanks to the
[Laravel Zero][laravel-zero] framework, a spin-off of Laravel more focused on CLI applications.

> In contrast, while Box is being used a lot with projects making use of [Symfony][symfony] components, it cannot be used – at

Reviewer 2: You removed the wrong with ;)
```suggestion
In contrast, while Box is being used a lot with projects making use of [Symfony][symfony] components, it cannot be used – at
```

> In contrast, while Box is being used with lot with projects making use of [Symfony][symfony] components, it cannot be used – at

Reviewer 3: typo. Should be `a lot`

least easily with a standard Symfony application.

> Thanks to this hackaton, [I][me] could besides working on other Symfony related issues, and with the help of 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Thanks to this hackaton, [I][me] could, besides working on other Symfony related issues, and with the help of 
```

> Thanks to this hackaton, [I][me] could, besides working on other Symfony related issues, and with the help of 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Thanks to this hackathon, [I][me] could, besides working on other Symfony related issues, and with the help of 
```

> [@nicolas-grekas][nicolas], [@stof][stof] and [@tucksaun][tucksaun], work on adding support for Symfony for Box.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[@nicolas-grekas][nicolas], [@stof][stof] and [@tucksaun][tucksaun], work on adding support for Symfony to Box.
```

> [@nicolas-grekas][nicolas], [@stof][stof] and [@tucksaun][tucksaun], work on adding support for Symfony to Box.

Reviewer: stof link does not display correctly (see rendered page), missing in the list below

The result was:

> - The realease of [Box 3.7.0][box-3.7.0]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The release of [Box 3.7.0][box-3.7.0]
```

- 11 issues closed
- 14 pull requests

This work also resulted directly into:

- 2 pull requests made on the Symfony repositories (recipes & core) regarding the CLI guards within the Symfony codebase

> - Add additional screening on Symfony regarding the [HTTPoxy][httpoxy] vulnerability (not security issue found during the process)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Adding additional screening on Symfony regarding the [HTTPoxy][httpoxy] vulnerability (no security issue found during the process)
```

- 1 issue with a reproducer regarding the [Symfony Console component][symfony-console]
- 1 issue reproduced and solved for the [Symfony CLI tool][symfony-cli]

> As well more discussions have been made on how to integrate a [REPL][repl] to Symfony with minimal dependencies (which has been

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Also, more discussions have been made on how to integrate a [REPL][repl] to Symfony with minimal dependencies (which has been
```

a recurring problem so far) thanks to [PsySH][psysh] and [Box][box].

[box]: https://github.com/humbug/box

> [laravel]: http://laravel.com

Reviewer 3: should be HTTPS

[laravel-zero]: https://laravel-zero.com/
[symfony]: https://symfony.com/
[me]: https://github.com/theofidry
[nicolas]: https://github.com/nicolas-grekas
[tucksaun]: https://github.com/tucksaun
[box-3.7.0]: https://github.com/humbug/box/releases/tag/3.7.0
[httpoxy]: https://httpoxy.org
[symfony-console]: https://symfony.com/doc/current/components/console.html

> [repl]: https://es.wikipedia.org/wiki/REPL

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
[repl]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Read–eval–print_loop
```

Over the last few months, Box has been growing in popularity especially within the [Laravel][laravel] community thanks to the
[Laravel Zero][laravel-zero] framework, a spin-off of Laravel more focused on CLI applications.

> In contrast, while Box is being used with a lot with projects making use of [Symfony][symfony] components, it cannot be used – at

Reviewer 3: The extra `with` should also be removed
